scope,n.眼界;范围,Your question is beyond the scope of this book.
snarl,"n.纠缠,混乱",She combed the snarls out of her hair.
nauseate,"v.作呕,厌恶",I began to nauseate the place I was in.
levy,v.征兵;征税,Taxes should not be levied without the authority of Parliament.
mediocre,"adj.平庸的,平凡的","This leads to mediocre training, fitness, and performance."
hoax,"n.骗局,欺骗",That was totally an elaborate hoax.
expenditure,"n.花费,支出",We must try our best to control our expenditure.
dissertation,"n.专题论文,学术论文",She wrote a dissertation on superralism.
interpose,v.置于…之间;使介入,"He interposed his considerable bulk between me and the window, so that I could not see out."
incompetent,"adj.无能力的, 不能胜任的",He's incompetent and not worth keeping on.
accommodating,adj.乐于助人的,They are very accommodating to foreign visitors.
stricture,n.严厉谴责;束缚,They accept the Prophet's precepts but reject some of his strictures.
perspire,v.流汗,"On the scorching summer day, he who is apt to sweat will perspire heavily."
radius,n.半径,Nobody is allowed to enter the operation radius.
tenacity,"n.坚持,固执",Tenacity is the bridge to success.
outrage,n.暴行,All right-minded people will be surely shocked by this outrage.
virtuosity,"n.精湛技巧,高超",The violinist's virtuosity has amazed audiences all over the world.
prerequisite,n.先决条件,Careful study of the market is a prerequisite for success.
undercut,v.削价与(竞争者)抢生意,This celebration of opulence and wealth and power undercuts the character of the Statue of Liberty.
repute,"n.名声,名誉",He is held in high repute.
empyreal,adj.天空的,The Circle of the Empyreal council finally reached unanimous agreement.
foodstuff,"n.食料,食品",The foodstuff is guaranteed that it has no additive.
denouement,"n.(小说的)结尾, 结局","I know the story of the play well, still I was deeply moved by the denouement of the play."
dissident,n.唱反调者,He was exiled as a dissident.
crabbed,adj.暴躁的,"He met a crabbed, cantankerous director."
authenticity,"n.确实性, 真实性",The authenticity of the manuscript is beyond doubt.
incongruity,"n.不协调,不相称",It was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity.
charity,n.慈善;慈善机构,This charity is a non-profit organization.
annihilate,v.消灭,The enemy was annihilated.
compunction,"n.懊悔,良心不安",She kept us waiting without the slighest compunction.
hodgepodge,n.混淆;杂菜,"This box is a hodgepodge of books, old toys and things."
request,"n.请求, 要求",My boss denied my request for a day off.
nautical,"adj.船员的,航海的",It may well have a nautical origin.
pertain,v.关于;属于,His remark did not pertain to the question.
stride,v.大踏步走过;跨过,She strode into my office.
scorch,"v.烧焦,烤焦",The bomb scorched the side of the building.
mediocrity,"n.平凡,平庸,碌碌无为",It's the difference between success and mediocrity.
interregnum,n.无王时期,An interregnum could prove perilous for the next Dalai Lama as well.
goad,"v.刺激,激励",His persistent questions finally goaded me into an angry reply.
brag,v.吹牛,He's been bragging about his new car.
annotate,v.注解,"As an option, you can annotate recorded movies with text."
virtuoso,n.演艺精湛的人,He was gaining a reputation as a remarkable virtuoso.
snatch,"n.抢夺,攫取",The thief made a snatch at the woman's purse.
tenant,n.房客,It's difficult to sell a house with a sitting tenant.
underdog,"n.受欺负者,弱者",The underdog team scored two surprise goals.
prerogative,n.特权,A monatch has the prerogative of mercy for criminals.
lexicographer,n.词典编篡人,The lexicographer knew that the English vocabulary is always changing.
raffish,adj.粗俗的;俗艳的,He was drinking cheap champagne with a raffish air.
expertise,"n.专业知识,专门技术",We were amazed at his expertise on the ski slopes.
outset,"n.开始,开头",Certain problems were apparent from the outset.
